.TH aqs "1" "12 March 2016" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
aqs \- Display an Aquilon host, cluster or metacluster object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aqs
[\fB-Dd\fR] [\fB-bcprs\fR]
{\fIhost\fR|\fIalias\fR}
.br
.B aqs
[\fB-Dd\fR]
.B -l
{\fIhost\fR|\fIalias\fR}
.br
.B aqs
[\fB-l\fR]
.B -C
.I cluster
.br
.B aqs
[\fB-l\fR]
.B -M
.I metacluster
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Displays information about Aquilon hosts, cluster or metacluster objects.
Shortcut for
.BR "aq show host" ,
.B "aq show cluster"
and
.BR "aq show metacluster" .

Hostnames may be set-up as an alias in
.BR ~/etc/aqs.tab ,
see
.BR aqs.tab (5).
An alias may then be supplied to this command in place of a hostname.
Alternatively, if a hostname does not appear in the aliases file, it may
have the domain name from
.B /etc/resolv.conf
omitted, as this will be automatically added if it is missing.

Output is colourised using
.BR ckey (1).
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.BI -C " cluster"
Displays information about the requested
.IR cluster ,
instead of displaying host information.
.TP
.B -D
Enables debug output.
.TP
.B -d
Uses
.B aqdw
instead of
.BR aq .
This only works for hosts, not clusters.
.TP
.B -h
Displays a help message.
.TP
.B -l
Displays long output instead of short output.
.TP
.BI -M " metacluster"
Displays information about the requested
.IR metacluster ,
instead of displaying host information.
.RE
.LP
Short output may be augmented for hosts using the following options, which
add extra fields to the output:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B -b
Adds build status.
.TP
.B -c
Adds client bindings.
.TP
.B -p
Adds physical properties (hardware data).
.TP
.B -r
Adds regional properties (location data).
.TP
.B -s
Adds server bindings.
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ckey (1),
.BR getprof (1),
.BR rifle (1),
.BR aqs.tab (5).
.SH AUTHORS
Mark R. Bannister <mark.bannister@morganstanley.com>
.SH LICENSE
Use of this software is subject to the Apache 2 License:
.br
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/apache2.0

See source code for the COPYRIGHT file.
