.TH ckey "1" "30 March 2015" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ckey \- Adds colour to key/value pairs on stdin
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ckey
[\fB-d\fR \fIdelimit\fR] [\fB-k\fR \fIcolcode\fR]
[\fB-r\fR \fIre\fR] [\fB-v\fR \fIcolcode\fR]
[\fB-x\fR \fIcolcode\fR]
.br
.B "ckey -h"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Adds colour to key/value pairs on stdin, where the keys and values can
have different colours and are identified by a delimiter.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.BI -d " delim"
Changes regular expression used for identifying key/value delimiter.
The default is '\fB[:=]\fR'.
.TP
.B -h
Displays a help message.
.TP
.BI -k " colcode"
Changes colour for keys.  Default is
.BR green .
.TP
.BI -r " re"
Highlight wherever a given regular expression matches.
.TP
.BI -v " colcode"
Changes colour for values.  Default is
.BR cyan .
.TP
.BI -x " colcode"
Changes colour for regex matching.  Default is
.BR yellow:reverse .
.RE
.SH "COLOUR CODES"
A
.I colcode
can describe text colours, highlights and attributes.  The format is:

    [\fIcolour\fR][:\fIattribute\fR][,\fIattribute\fR ...]]

where
.RS 4
.TP 4
.I colour
can be:
.BR grey ,
.BR red ,
.BR green ,
.BR yellow ,
.BR blue ,
.BR magenta ,
.BR cyan ,
.BR white ,
or it can be omitted to use the current colour.
.TP
.I attribute
can be:
.BR on_grey ,
.BR on_red ,
.BR on_green ,
.BR on_yellow ,
.BR on_blue ,
.BR on_magenta ,
.BR on_cyan ,
.BR on_white ,
.BR bold ,
.BR dark ,
.BR underline ,
.BR blink ,
.B reverse
or
.BR concealed .
.RE
.LP
For example,
.B "-k red:bold,on_white -v :bold"
will make keys appear in bold red text on a white background, and values
will be made to be bold but will otherwise use their default colour.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
The colours may also be changed using the environment variables:
.RS 4
.TP 10
.B CKEY_COL1
for keys
.TP
.B CKEY_COL2
for values
.TP
.B CKEY_COL3
for regex matches.
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
Mark R. Bannister <mark.bannister@morganstanley.com>
.SH LICENSE
Use of this software is subject to the Apache 2 License:
.br
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/apache2.0

See source code for the COPYRIGHT file.
