.TH diffprof "1" "15 August 2016" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
diffprof \- Compare multiple Quattor profiles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B diffprof
[\fB-aDefGgIiPrx\fR]
[\fB-d\fR \fIre\fR]
[\fB-o\fR \fIoutput\fR]
[\fB-p\fR \fIworkers\fR] \\
.br
.RS 21
[\fB-U\fR \fIlines\fR]
[\fB-z\fR \fIcompresslevel\fR]
\fIdir1\fR \fIdir2\fR
.RE
.br
.B "diffprof -h"
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Find differences between Quattor profiles in two distinct directories.
The directories should each contain the same number of profiles with the same
names.  The tool will report only the common set of differences.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B -a
Report all names of host profiles that introduced each difference.
This option is passed to
.BR diffuniq .
See
.BR diffuniq (1).
.TP
.BI -D
Enables debug output.
.TP
.BI -d " re"
Discard hunks matching the given regular expression. You may specify the
\fB-d\fR option multiple times to test against multiple REs. This option is
passed to
.BR diffuniq .
See
.BR diffuniq (1).
.TP
.B -e
Pass
.B -e
or
.B -ee
to
.B rifle
when translating to resource paths (\fB-x\fR).  This unescapes components
in the Quattor path.  See
.BR rifle (1).
.TP
.B -f
Force translation of resource paths to occur even if the profile
has not changed since the last time and intermediate files are
in-place, i.e. only has effect with options \fB-i\fR and \fB-x\fR as well.
.TP
.B -G
Don't use a progress bar in non-debug mode.
.TP
.B -g
Use a Unicode progress bar instead of the ASCII # symbol.
.TP
.B -h
Displays a help message.
.TP
.B -I
Pass
.B -I
to
.B rifle
when translating to resource paths (\fB-x\fR).  This ensures that list index
numbers are replaced by a hash # and makes comparisons easier when items
have been added or removed from a list.  See
.BR rifle (1).
.TP
.B -i
Create intermediate files in-place when translating (\fB-x\fR) and do
not delete these files.  If they exist already when this tool is used
and they are newer than the corresponding profile they will
not be re-generated.
.TP
.BI -o " output"
Send output to given file, instead of to stdout.
.TP
.B -P
List personalities with differences.  Only when
.B -a
is also used.
.TP
.BI -p " workers"
Maximum number of worker processes to use when translating to resource
paths (\fB-x\fR).  May use less workers than this if there are not
enough files to process.  The default is the number of available
CPU cores.

If there is only one worker process in debug mode (\fB-D\fR) then resource
path translation will occur in the main process without spawning any new
processes.
.TP
.B -r
Use
.B rifle
tool for all profile conversion (\fB-x\fR), not
.BR trifle .
Normal behaviour is to use
.B trifle
for JSON profiles and
.B rifle
for XML profiles.
.TP
.BI -U " lines"
Number of lines of context to produce in unified diff output.
.TP
.B -x
Translate to resource paths first using
.BR "rifle -p" .
See
.BR rifle (1).
.TP
.BI -z " compresslevel"
Level of compression to use when writing
.B gzip
files via the
.B -x
option, where 1 is fastest with least compression, 9 is slowest with best
compression and 0 is no compression.  Default is 1.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR diffuniq (1),
.BR prdiff (1),
.BR razor (1),
.BR rifle (1),
.BR trifle (1).
.SH AUTHORS
Mark R. Bannister <mark.bannister@morganstanley.com>
.SH LICENSE
Use of this software is subject to the Apache 2 License:
.br
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/apache2.0

See source code for the COPYRIGHT file.
