.TH prdiff "1" "24 May 2016" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
prdiff \- Compares Quattor host profiles
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B prdiff
[\fB-eIkp\fR] [\fB-- diff-options\fR]
[\fIfrom-file\fR] \fIto-file\fR
.br
.B prdiff
[\fB-eIkp\fR] \fB-g\fR [\fB-- diff-options\fR]
[\fIfrom-host\fR] \fIto-host\fR
.br
.B prdiff
[\fB-eIkp\fR] \fB-c\fR [\fB-- diff-options\fR]
.br
.B "prdiff -l"
.br
.B prdiff
[\fB-eIkp\fR] \fB-n\fR [\fB-- diff-options\fR]
[\fIfrom-num\fR] \fIto-num\fR
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Compares Quattor XML profiles with the
.B diff
tool.  There are five modes of operation.

In the first synopsis form,
.I from-file
and
.I to-file
specify the location of
.B .xml
or
.B .xml.gz
files to compare.

In the second synopsis form, the
.B -g
option instructs
.B prdiff
to download the host profiles for
.I from-host
and
.I to-host
using the
.B getprof
tool first and compare those.

In the third synopsis form, the
.B -c
option instructs
.B prdiff
to use the current host profile in
.BR /var/lib/ccm ,
and to download the host's latest profile using
.BR getprof ,
and compare those.  This is useful for determining what changes
are pending for the host that have not yet been downloaded by the
dispatch process.

In the fourth synopsis form, the
.B -l
option lists all profiles (current and previous) in
.B /var/lib/ccm
on this host.

In the fifth synopsis form, the
.B -n
option instructs
.B prdiff
to compare profiles on-host identified by number.  The numbers can be
determined by running
.BR "prdiff -l" .
If the text
.B current
is used instead of a number, the current active profile is assumed.

If
.IR from-file ,
.I from-host
or
.I from-num
is omitted, the default will be to compare the current host profile (as with
.BR -c )
with the argument that is provided.

.B prdiff
works by passing each profile through the
.B rifle
tool before sending to the
.B diff
command.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.BI -e
The
.B -e
or
.B -ee
flag if given is passed through to the
.B rifle
tool to request that Quattor unescaping is performed prior to the
.BR diff .
See
.BR rifle (1).
.TP
.B -I
Passed through to the
.B rifle
tool to request that index numbers are not generated for list elements.
This makes it easier to compare profiles when elements in a list are
inserted or removed.
.TP
.B -k
Adds colour to key/value pairs in the
.B diff
output via the
.B ckey
tool.
See
.BR ckey (1).
.TP
.B -p
Passed through to the
.B rifle
tool to request that values with newlines are prefixed by the resource path.
See
.BR rifle (1).
.RE
.LP
Any
.I diff-options
provided will be passed directly to
.BR diff ,
see
.BR diff (1).
For example,
.B "prdiff -- -c"
will provide a context diff, while
.B "prdiff -- -u"
a unified diff.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ckey (1),
.BR diff (1),
.BR getprof (1),
.BR rifle (1),
.BR diffprof (1),
.BR aqs.tab (5).
.SH AUTHORS
Mark R. Bannister <mark.bannister@morganstanley.com>
.SH LICENSE
Use of this software is subject to the Apache 2 License:
.br
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/apache2.0

See source code for the COPYRIGHT file.
