.TH razor "1" "16 March 2016" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
razor \- multi-process recursive diff tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B razor
[\fB-DdGg\fR]
[\fB-i\fR \fIinclude\fR]
[\fB-o\fR \fIoutput\fR] \\
[\fB-p\fR \fIworkers\fR]
.br
.RS 14
[\fB-x\fR \fIexclude\fR]
[\fB--\fR \fIdiff-options\fR]
\fIdir1\fR \fIdir2\fR
.RE
.br
.B "razor -h"
.RE
.SH DESCRIPTION
Runs a recursive
.B diff
on two given directories in multiple processes, and supports decompression.
The output will be identical to
.B "diff -r"
except that it performs faster for a large number of files.

Any
.I diff-options
provided will be passed directly to each
.B diff
invocation.

Note that I/O may become a bottleneck if each file is small.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are supported:
.RS 4
.TP 4
.BI -D
Enables debug output.
.TP
.B -d
Files with a
.B .gz
suffix will be decompressed in a pipeline prior to the
.BR diff .
.TP
.B -G
Don't use a progress bar in non-debug mode.
.TP
.B -g
Use a Unicode progress bar instead of the ASCII # symbol.
.TP
.B -h
Displays a help message.
.TP
.BI -i " include"
Regular expression to match filenames to include.  Multiple
.B -i
options are allowed.
.TP
.BI -o " output"
Send output to given file, instead of to stdout.
.TP
.BI -p " workers"
Maximum number of worker processes to use.  May use less workers than this
if there are not enough files to process.  The default is the number of
available CPU cores.
.TP
.BI -x " exclude"
Regular expression to match filenames to exclude.  Multiple
.B -x
options are allowed.  In the case of a clash, these take precedence
over the REs specified by the
.B -i
option.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR diff (1).
.SH AUTHORS
Mark R. Bannister <mark.bannister@morganstanley.com>
.SH LICENSE
Use of this software is subject to the Apache 2 License:
.br
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/apache2.0

See source code for the COPYRIGHT file.
